# Big Wheel Operator - Ministry of Entertainment

Welcome to the team, everyone at the Ministry of Entertainment is honored to have you join us as a Big Wheel Operator!

Please make sure to read, understand, adhere to, venerate, and cherish this document in your day to day operations.

The Ministry of Entertainment is a historic and respected landmark in this community and we ask you understand the company policy and vision as we navigate these trying times together.

Each member of our team is treated like family, and like all families there are rules that must be followed to keep things flowing smoothly in these troubling circumstances we all find ourselves in. The Ministry of Entertainment is committed to keep our thriving populace safe and entertained as a respite from the unfortunate realities of day to day living in these unprecedented times.

The Big Wheel is the Ministries optimal safety and recreational experience in the area and we hope you understand the honor of operating this historic landmark.

Ensure you fully understand everything in this document before attempting to operate the Big Wheel and at any time you are confused please refer back here for guidance.

---

## Preoperative checklist

It is imperative that this checklist be completed everyday BEFORE operating the machine.

Failure to complete any of these items will result in immediate termination and potential prosecution for Criminal negligence while operating machinery.

If ANY of these items are not completed correctly you MUST reach out to your supervisor and CANNOT OPERATE THE MACHINE.

1. Ensure the last maintenance date is less than 24 hours old.
   - If the machine has not been inspected by the maintenance team you CANNOT OPERATE THE MACHINE until the team has finished daily inspections.
   - You will find the label with the last inspection date on the front of the control panel.
   - If the label has been torn off or is missing you CANNOT OPERATE THE MACHINE.
2. Ensure there is a fire extinguisher present and in operating conditions.
   - If there is no fire extinguisher present or the fire extinguisher has not correctly been maintained you CANNOT OPERATE THE MACHINE.
3. Ensure the Control Panel is turned on and that no foreign objects have been jammed into the control panel.
   - If the control panel has been tampered with in any way you must reach our to your supervisor and you CANNOT OPERATE THE MACHINE.
4. After the recent events of the local cataclysmic neon resonance collapse, Corporate asks that you ensure all riders are healthy and fully human before operating the machine.
5. Due to the continued atmospheric degradation that has occurred in the most recent months, Corporate requires the Big Wheel only be operated during bright midday daylight.
   - If it is not a clear sky outside you CANNOT OPERATE THE MACHINE.

It is critical that you follow the above checklist. Corporate asks you to reread the following paragraph a minimum of three times to make sure that you fully understand the document fully and completely.

If you have any questions you must reach out to your supervisor before you continue on in this document.

(Liner Note: Understanding The Governor Press Shift or grab it and break the control panel!)

---

## Understanding the Throttle Lever

The Throttle Lever is located to the right of the control panel inside the operating area.

Please be aware of the several speeds zones that are located on the Throttle Lever.

The higher the speed zone the higher the wear and tear on the machine as well as the heat generated by the equipment.

*Note: Corporate asks that you never refers to the Throttle Lever as the Choke Lever or refer to the Throttle Lever with any language that would imply the Throttle Lever is your paternal parent.*

### Stop
The first speed zone of the Throttle Lever. In this speed zone the Big Wheel is stopped. Ensure the Engine RPM on the Control Panel is not moving. The most safe speed zone for riders.

### Slow
The second speed zone of the Throttle Lever. Corporate considers this to be the ideal zone for maximum guest safety and enjoyment.

### Med
The third speed zone of the Throttle Lever. In extreme circumstances your supervisor may advise you to put the Big Wheel in this speed zone for a limited time. Be aware that corporate does not recommend keeping the Big Wheel in this speed zone for normal operation.

### Fast
The fourth speed zone of the Throttle Lever. This is the maximum safe operation speed of the Big Wheel and is only for testing purposes only. Corporate forbids operators from entering this speed zone as high speeds may launch riders from the ride.

### ???
While the Throttle Lever was designed to accommodate an even faster fifth speed zone, Corporate has ensured the Control Panel cannot operate in this mode. Operating in this mode would require the Control Panel to have been tampered with which would result in immediate termination of the operator and be a failure to adhere to the Preoperative Checklist.

---

## Understanding the QWERTY buttons

The Quantum Web Electronic Resolving Termination of Yottaamperes are a series of buttons that light up when a fault in the machine is detected.

Heat buildup on the machine will cause more faults to occur, it is imperative that the operator take appropriate caution when operating the Big Wheel to prevent heat build up.

*Warning: If all buttons turn red, the Big Wheel shuts down to prevent cataclysmic electrical discharge and the Big Wheel becomes overheated.*

### Clearing Faults
The QWERTY system is designed to automatically resolve and terminate faults with minimal operator involvement.

1. You must first observe the color of the buttons. If the indicator light turns blue or red you must respond to the incident immediately.
2. Select the correct mode that matches the correct color.
   - a) Blue Mode 2
   - b) Red-Mode 3
3. While in the correct mode, press the button or buttons next to the lit indicator light.

(Liner Note: Spacebar)

---

## Understanding the Emergency Stop

In the event of an Emergency, you can use the Emergency Stop to forcibly stop the Big Wheel.

The Emergency Stop button can only be used during an Emergency and every instance of its usage will be recorded and logged requiring the operator to give a full 10 page written report to their Supervisor of the use the Emergency Stop button.

*WARNING: Using the Emergency Stop button at a Throttle Lever level above Slow is prohibited. FAILURE TO ADHERE TO THIS WARNING WILL CAUSE DAMAGE TO THE MACHINE AND INJURY TO GUESTS, OCCUPANTS CAN BE THROWN FROM THE MACHINE!*

*Note: Corporate asks that you do not refer to the Emergency Stop as "Big Stop" as it reflects poorly on the operator, the company, and the community.*

(Liner Note: Big Stop during specific RPMs???)
